hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about the Twilight Saga
Eclipse in Seattle not far from Forks
Victoria Bryce Dallas Howard attacks and
bites Riley biers Xavier Samuel in order
to begin creating an army of newborns
with him back in Forks Edward Cullen
Robert Pattinson and Bella Swan Kristen
Stewart discussed the complications of
becoming an immortal vampire at 18 years
old one year older than the age Edward
was when he became a vampire
Bella expresses her aversion to the idea
of marrying so young though Edward
refuses to turn her into a vampire until
they are married his argument that she
should have various human experiences
she would otherwise miss while Charlie
Swan Billy Burke investigates the
disappearance of Riley biers Edward
suspects his disappearance was caused by
the newborn vampires furthering his
suspicions is Riley's intrusion into
Bella's room although Edward fears for
her safety
Bella insists that Jacob black Taylor
Lautner and the rest of the werewolf
pack would never harm her but Edward is
still not convinced
Bella goes to La Push to see Jacob and
returns home unharmed during one of her
visits Jacob confesses that he is in
love with Bella and forcefully kisses
her furious she punches him and sprains
her hand and Edward later threatens
Jacob and tells him to only kiss her if
she asks him to Bella even revokes the
invitations of Jacob and his pack
members to her graduation party but when
Jacob apologizes for his behavior she
forgives him meanwhile Alice
Ashley green sees a vision that the
newborn army is attacking Forks led by
Riley biers Jacob accompanied by quill
Tyson Houseman and Embry Highway Gordon
overhear this which leads to an alliance
between the Cullens and wolf pack later
the Cullens and the wolves agree to a
meeting place and time to train and
discuss strategy during the training
Jasper Jackson Rathbone explains to
Bella that he was created by a vampire
named Maria to control a newborn army he
hated his original existence and upon
meeting Alice joined the Cullens with
her
Bella sees the true bond between a mated
vampire pair and begins to understand
Jasper better despite her reluctance to
marry Bella realizes that spending
eternity with Edward is more important
to her than anything else and agrees to
marry him Edward and Bella camp up in
the mountains to hide Bella from the
bloodthirsty newborns during the night
Bella overhears a conversation between
Edward and Jacob in which they
temporarily put aside their hatred
towards each other in the morning Jacob
overhears Edward and Bella discussing
their engagement and storms off angrily
Bella desperately asks him to kiss her
and she realizes that she has fallen in
love with him Edward finds out about the
kiss but is not upset as Bella says she
loves him more than Jacob when Victoria
appears Edward kills her while Seth
kills Riley the Cullens and the Quileute
wolves meanwhile destroy her army though
Jacob is injured saving Leah Clearwater
from a newborn several members of the
vampire police the Volturi arrived to
deal with the newborn army they also see
that the Cullens are guarding the
newborn Bri Tanner Jodelle Ferland who
had refused to fight and surrendered to
Karla Jayne Dakota Fanning torch is
buried to get information and instructs
Felix to kill her
despite the Cullens efforts to spare her
when Jane notes that Cleese will find it
interesting that Bella is still human
Bella informs her that the date for her
transformation has been set bella visits
the injured Jacob to tell him that even
though she is in love with him she has
chosen to be with Edward saddened by her
choice
Jacob reluctantly agrees to stop trying
to come between her and Edward Bella and
Edward go to their mirror where she
tells him she has decided to do things
his way get married make love then be
transformed into a vampire she also
explains that she never has been normal
and never will be she's felt out of
place her entire life but when she is in
Edwards world she feels stronger and
complete at the end of the story they
decide they need to tell Charlie about
their engagement thank you all for
watching don't forget to subscribe and
hit the bell notification for more of
these videos
[Music]